Update documentation of dots in `stan_sampling_opts()` (#699)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- `epinow()` now returns the "timing" output in a "time difference"" format that is easier to understand and work with. By @jamesmbaazam in #688 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

## Documentation

> - Updated the documentation of the dots argument of the `stan_sampling_opts()` to add that the dots are passed to `cmdstanr::sample()`. By @jamesmbaazam in # and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the documentation of the dots argument of the `stan_sampling_opts()` to add that the dots are passed to `cmdstanr::sample()`. By @jamesmbaazam in #699 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```

> - Updated the documentation of the dots argument of the `stan_sampling_opts()` to add that the dots are passed to `cmdstanr::sample()`. By @jamesmbaazam in # and reviewed by @<REVIEWER>.

Author: ```suggestion
- Updated the documentation of the dots argument of the `stan_sampling_opts()` to add that the dots are passed to `cmdstanr::sample()`. By @jamesmbaazam in #699 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```
